content/help/drop-leg-flica.md, before:

---
title: How to Drop a Leg(s) to Another Pilot in Flica
slug: drop-leg-flica
category: Flica & Trading
---
> **Disclaimer:** This guide is provided to help pilots navigate the Flica system. It does **not** replace a pilot’s responsibility to read and understand the contract and applicable company/union policies.

### Step 1: Log in

Log into **Flica**.

### Step 2: Select the Correct Option

If you are **only trading a leg or legs** (not the entire pairing):  

* In the left menu, look for **“Partial Shift Trade – Pilots.”**  
* Do **not** use **“Trades Btwn Pilots.”**

![](/assets/uploads/flica-menu.png)

### Step 3: Find the Month

* Under the month containing the leg(s) you want to trade, select **“Submit or View Requests.”**

### Step 4: Open Your Schedule

* Click the **“TRADE”** button to open your schedule and list available pairings.  
* Find the pairing that contains the leg(s) you want to trade and click **“Trade.”**  
* The pairing number will now appear at the top of the page with a **“Split”** button next to it.

### Step 5: Split the Pairing

* Click the **“Split”** button.  
* A second window will open with checkboxes for each leg.  
* Select the leg(s) you want to drop and click **“Apply.”**

### Step 6: Submit the Trade

1. Click the **“Next >>”** button.  
2. Enter the **employee number** of the pilot you are dropping the leg(s) to.  

   * You can use the **search button** to look up their number if needed.  
3. If you are **only dropping** (not picking up as part of the trade), click **“Submit Request.”**

✅ You have now submitted a request to drop leg(s) directly to another pilot.

Commit message:

docs(help): update drop-leg-flica

content/help/drop-leg-flica.md, after:

---
title: How to Drop a Leg(s) to Another Pilot in Flica
slug: drop-leg-flica
summary: This article explains how pilots can use Flica to drop one or more legs
  of a pairing directly to another pilot, including where to find the option in
  the menu, how to split a pairing, and how to submit the request.
category: Flica & Trading
---
> **Disclaimer:** This guide is provided to help pilots navigate the Flica system. It does **not** replace a pilot’s responsibility to read and understand the contract and applicable company/union policies.

### Step 1: Log in

Log into **Flica**.

### Step 2: Select the Correct Option

If you are **only trading a leg or legs** (not the entire pairing):  

* In the left menu, look for **“Partial Shift Trade – Pilots.”**  
* Do **not** use **“Trades Btwn Pilots.”**

![](/assets/uploads/flica-menu.png)

### Step 3: Find the Month

* Under the month containing the leg(s) you want to trade, select **“Submit or View Requests.”**

### Step 4: Open Your Schedule

* Click the **“TRADE”** button to open your schedule and list available pairings.  
* Find the pairing that contains the leg(s) you want to trade and click **“Trade.”**  
* The pairing number will now appear at the top of the page with a **“Split”** button next to it.

### Step 5: Split the Pairing

* Click the **“Split”** button.  
* A second window will open with checkboxes for each leg.  
* Select the leg(s) you want to drop and click **“Apply.”**

### Step 6: Submit the Trade

1. Click the **“Next >>”** button.  
2. Enter the **employee number** of the pilot you are dropping the leg(s) to.  

   * You can use the **search button** to look up their number if needed.  
3. If you are **only dropping** (not picking up as part of the trade), click **“Submit Request.”**

✅ You have now submitted a request to drop leg(s) directly to another pilot.
